{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It\'92s a struct \'93ex\'94 that has this:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ex =\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 EVENTS: \{33x1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 EYES: \{3x1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0LFP: \{96x1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0LFPCHANNELS: [96x1 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 NSTIME: \{1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 MSGS: \{1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0CODES: \{1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 CHANNELS: [33x2 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 TRIAL_SEQUENCE: [1443x1 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0REPEATS: [1x1000 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0PRE_TRIAL: \{1x1443 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0ENV: \{1000x126 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0MAP: [10x10 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0SNR: [33x1 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 SC: [33x1 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 FILENAME: 'Wi170428_s285a_plaidmovie_0004.nev'\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 MOVIDX: \{1x2000 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 MOVORI: \{1x2000 cell\}\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0ORILIST: [1x9 double]\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 SEED: 1975\cb1 \
\
\cb3 To orient you, there are 33 \'93units\'94 (single + multi-unit spikes) in this file with 96 electrodes (the array was OK quality at this point, not great but still good). ex.EVENTS has the spike times (it\'92s a cell array of unit # X condition # X repeat). If you want to know the electrode for each unit, you refer to the row of ex.CHANNELS (first element is electrode number, second is sort code). ex.SNR is a SNR metric for each unit. Similarly, ex.LFP is a cell array of chan # X condition # X repeat. These cell arrays aren\'92t fully populated - there can be a different number of repeats of each stimulus. The number of each sequence shown is in ex.REPEATS (indexed by condition). So, for example, ex.REPEATS(1) is 124, because that first condition was repeated 124 times. The first two \'93movies\'94 (10-frame plaid sequences) were repeated many times each, the rest of them were just shown 1-2 times each. You can see this in ex.REPEATS. ex.TRIAL_SEQUENCE shows the actual sequence of conditions shown to the animal.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The stimuli were a 9x9 array of plaids (8 orientations and a blank) as discussed before. The example script shows how to pick through the stimuli and find the individual responses, but essentially you can look at ex.MOVIDX to see what was shown for each condition. So, for example, condition 1 had 10 stimuli each shown for 100 ms, and they were in this sequence:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 >> ex.MOVIDX\{1\}\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ans =\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a08 \'a0 \'a0 4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a04 \'a0 \'a0 6\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a01 \'a0 \'a0 4\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a07 \'a0 \'a0 1\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a07 \'a0 \'a0 9\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a09 \'a0 \'a0 7\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a05 \'a0 \'a0 1\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a09 \'a0 \'a0 5\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a01 \'a0 \'a0 9\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0 \'a06 \'a0 \'a0 2\cb1 \
\
\cb3 So the first frame of the movie was orientation 8 and 4 together (157.5 deg and 67.5 deg), the second frame was orientation 4 and 6, etc - each row is the pair of gratings that comprised the plaid (ex.MOVORI(1) shows those orientations). I have the actual stimuli saved as well, but I\'92m assuming nobody needs those right now. Also, for this animal there was a 500 ms fixation period before the stimulus turned on, and then the 1 second stimulus. For the other monkey it was 1s and 1s. I think Mike is the only one that this would matter for, but that is the one difference between the data sets. I\'92ll convert and upload the 2nd animal\'92s data once we have this first set tested and working.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Eye data is in ex.EYES(chan X condition X repeat), where chan 1/2 are the X/Y in degrees and chan 3 is pupil diameter. ex.NSTIME(condition X repeat) is the time index in seconds of the LFP and eye data. It\'92s aligned in the same way as the spikes, so zero is stimulus onset (and up to -0.5 is the fixation before the stimulus).\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ex.MAP is the spatial layout of the array (channels in the 10x10 grid)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ex.ENV contains a ton of variables from the stimulus and the experiment, but can mostly be ignored given the alignment already done and the other information I\'92ve given you. There\'92s plenty of other stuff you can ignore as well for now, but has potentially useful info about the experiment.}